we need to consider this game to track
it it's important that you remember all
the skills that you've learned this is a
dangerous dangerous thing to do look
after each other okay all right
look for my hand signals stop kept down
listen everything's okay anything is not
okay
layer has 40 black rhino to guard
against poachers the Rangers track the
animals closely so ken knows they're
nearby black rhino have a keen sense of
smell and hearing if disturbed they're
likely to attack first and ask questions
later
it's also dangerous I might even get
stuck on a posh yeah thanks can he see
crews first to duck down we're so close
we can hear the Rhinos warning snow he
leads us on his backup in position
yup it's a black rhino alright but this
one's just five months old weighing in
is around 100 pounds and it's called
Elvis this cherub is an orphan saved by
Leila normally baby stay with their
mothers until they're 2 or 3 that little
babies meltus it smelters and did you
see it come forward snorting very very
quickly and that's just a baby you can
imagine you know what it's mom and dad
are gonna look like is this that these
are the two orphans that I got here is
this right I heard about these Elvis and
Toulouse yeah this is Elvis just a
couple minutes of calm just for the
benefit of Elvis I think you can now
understand it how important these Ranger
drills are that one that one stood and
watched us but it either comes straight
through us wouldn't either big one
absolutely
yeah just go straight through us so are
you actually gonna get to trap the big
ones absolutely yeah we're gonna get out
and look for a big black rhino blower is
at the forefront of rhino conservation
and protection just 35 years ago there
were 65,000 rhino in the world now
there's less than 4,000 so every baby
camels
man is the only real predator when a
single rhino horn can fetch up to ten
thousand pounds in illegal medicine
markets and the Far East isn't he
amazing
once Elvis's had it filled me and
painter and decorator Loraine need to
join banner to look at local eco lodges
for design ideas
you